docs: add docs for contributing and proper codeowners file (#276)
ublue-os/packages: README.md

just build ./staging/devpod/devpod.spec --forcearch=aarch64
```

## Contributing

### New package

When adding a new package certain guidelines should be followed, usually try to stick to the [Fedora Packaging Guidelines](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/packaging-guidelines/)
for all packages (with case-by-case exceptions). `rpmlint` should always pass ([rpkg](https://docs.pagure.org/rpkg-util/v3/quick_start.html)-based packages are an exception),
they should always be buildable offline once all sources are fetched (so that they can be built on GitHub actions/[mock](https://rpm-software-management.github.io/mock/)),
and always make sure that [Renovate](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate) can automatically update your package, we have [macros on this repo](./.github/renovate.json5).

Once merged, your new package will need to be manually added to its corresponding COPR ([file in an issue](https://github.com/ublue-os/packages/issues) if it hasn't
been added in a week or so) and then it should be automatically rebuilt over time.

### Existing package

> Make sure your contribution passes linting and the guidelines required by [the New Package section](#new-package), and
> bump the package according to if the package has sources on this repo, bump the `Version:` field, if it has external
> sources, bump the spec `Release:` field (you can/should do it via `rpmdev-bumpspec` ideally).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure your contribution passes linting and the guidelines required by [the New Package section](#new-package). Bump the package accordingly: 
- If the package has sources on this repo, bump the `Version:` field;
- If it has external sources, bump the spec `Release:` field (you can/should do it via `rpmdev-bumpspec` ideally).
```

### For maintainers/approvers

> Make sure all the PRs are safe, as in they dont have [RCE](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/security/what-is-remote-code-execution/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure all the PRs are safe, as in they don't have [RCE](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/security/what-is-remote-code-execution/)
```
